tools: unified file structure, grammar, additional descriptions, and styling (#166)
lukso-network/docs: docs/tools/lsp-factoryjs/deployment/05-contract-deployment-options.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
title: Contract Deployment Options
---

> Using the LSP Factory, you can specify custom deployment parameters for your contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the LSPFactory, you can specify custom deployment parameters for your contracts.
```

> Using the LSP Factory, you can specify custom deployment parameters for your contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the LSPFactory, you can specify custom deployment parameters for your contracts.
```

The `deploy` function takes an object `contractDeploymentOptions` as its second parameter where the contract `version`, `byteCode`, and `libAddress` can be specified:

## Deployment Properties

The `contractDeploymentOptions?` is an `Object` with the following properties:

> - `version?`: The contract's version you want to deploy as `string`. <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `version?`: The smart contract version you want to deploy as `string`. 
```

> - `version?`: The contract's version you want to deploy as `string`. <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `version?`: The smart contract version you want to deploy as `string`. 
```

- `byteCode?`: The custom bytecode to be deployed as `string`.

> - `deployProxy?`: Indicator `boolean` if the contract will be deployed using a proxy contract (e.g., [EIP1167](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1167)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `deployProxy?`: `boolean` indicator used to determine if the contract will be deployed using a proxy contract (e.g., [EIP1167](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1167)).
```

> - `deployProxy?`: Indicator `boolean` if the contract will be deployed using a proxy contract (e.g., [EIP1167](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1167)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `deployProxy?`: `boolean` indicator used to determine if the contract will be deployed using a proxy contract (e.g., [EIP1167](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1167)).
```
